types of joins
1) inner join - The INNER JOIN keyword selects records that have 
matching values in both tables.
If there is no match, the rows are excluded from the result set.

2) left join -
The LEFT JOIN returns all records from the left table and
 the matched records from the right table.
If there is no match, NULL values will be returned 
for the columns from the right table.

syntax
select * from lefttable l left join righttable r on l.refc=r.refc;

ex 
 select * from emp e left join dept d on e.deptno=d.deptno;

3) right join
The RIGHT JOIN returns all records from the right table and the matched records
 from the left table.
If there is no match, NULL values will be returned for the columns from the left table.

syntax
select * from lefttable l right join righttable r on l.refc=r.refc;

ex
select * from emp e right join dept d on e.deptno=d.deptno;

4) full outer join
Returns all rows 
if no matched it will add null
MySQL does not support FULL OUTER JOIN directly,
 so we use a combination of LEFT JOIN and RIGHT JOIN with UNION.

ex
 select * from emp e left join dept d on e.deptno=d.deptno 
 union 
 select * from emp e right join dept d on e.deptno=d.deptno;

 5) cross join
 The CROSS JOIN returns the Cartesian product of the two tables.
Every row from the first table is combined with every row from the second table.
If table1 has m rows and table2 has n rows, the result set will have m * n rows.
It is useful for generating test data but rarely used in real-world applications.

ex 
select * from emp cross join dept;

6) self join
A SELF JOIN is when a table is joined with itself.
This is useful when comparing rows within the same table, such as finding employees and their managers.
Table aliases are necessary to distinguish between the two instances of the same table.
It can be an INNER JOIN, LEFT JOIN, or RIGHT JOIN.

ex
select e1.ename, e2.ename from emp e1 join emp e2 on e1.mgr=e2.empno;
select e1.ename, e2.ename from emp e1 left join emp e2 on e1.mgr=e2.empno;
select e1.ename, e2.ename from emp e1 right join emp e2 on e1.mgr=e2.empno;








inner join
1) Students with enrolled courses

LEFT JOIN
2) All students + enrollments
3) Students with NO enrollment

RIGHT JOIN
4) erollments +All courses
5) Courses with NO students 

 FULL JOIN
6) All Trainers +All Enrollments


SELF JOIN
7) Student with their Mentor Name
8) Students who doesn’t have a mentor
9) Mentor with Number of Students

CROSS JOIN
10) Get employees whose salary is greater than FORD’s salary


